A bad penny always turns up.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
A change is as good as a rest.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees. William Blake
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
A good man is hard to find.
A hard beginning maketh a good ending. John Heywood
A house divided itself cannot stand.
A house is not a home.
A hungry man is an angry man.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A leopard cannot change its spots.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
A little of what you fancy does you good.
A man is known by his friends.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man’s home is his castle.
A man may well bring a horse to the water, but he cannot make him drink. John Heywood
A miss is as good as a mile.
A new broom sweeps clean.
A nod’s as good as a wink to a blind horse.
A penny for your thoughts. John Heywood
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A person is known by the company he keeps.
A picture paints a thousand words.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
A poor beauty finds more lovers than husbands.
A problem shared is a problem halved.
A prophet is not recognized in his own land.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
A volunteer is worth twenty pressed men.
A watched pot never boils.
A woman’s place is in the home.
A woman’s work is never done.
A worthy woman is far more precious than jewels, strength and dignity are her clothing.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Actions speak louder than words.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Curiosity is the mother of invention.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Failure is not the opposite of success; it's part of the path to success.
Great minds think alike.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
Home is where the heart is.
Honesty is the best policy.
Idle hands are the devil's workshop.
It's never too late to learn.
Justice will prevail.
Keep calm and carry on.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Live and learn.
Many hands make light work.
Never give up on your dreams.
Opportunity knocks but once.
Patience is a virtue.
Practice makes perfect.
Quitters never win, and winners never quit.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Slow and steady wins the race.
The early bird gets the worm.
There's no place like home.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
United we stand, divided we fall.
What goes around comes around.
You can't please everyone.
You win some, you lose some.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it also lets the gossip get around faster.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
Alcohol isn't the answer, but it does open up new questions.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes all the way to the bone.
Don't sweat the small stuff, and remember, it's all small stuff.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise...but also really boring.
Everyone has a photographic memory, but some only develop it at crime scenes.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Good wine needs no bush, but bad wine needs all the help it can get.
I don't suffer from insomnia, I enjoy staying up late overthinking things.
I'm not lazy, I'm just on energy-saving mode.
If everything is under control, you're not going fast enough.
If you can't laugh at yourself, life is going to be a lot longer than you'd like.
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
It's always darkest before the dawn. So if you see a sunrise, you missed it.
Laughter is the best medicine, unless you have diarrhea.
May your coffee be strong and your Monday short.
My therapist says I have a fear of commitment, but I disagree. How long is this session going to be?
My mind is like a steel trap...once it clicks, you're not getting out.
Never ask a stupid question. The answer is always funnier.
Sleep is for the weak. I stay up late overthinking everything.
The only reason I am on time is because I don't know where I'm going.
The road to success is always under construction.
They say money can't buy happiness, but it can buy a jet ski, and I've heard great things about jet skis.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, unless you're a glass jar.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Then find someone whose life gave them vodka and have a party.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.